I'm still quoting.
Let me repeat what I have said to you before the course of this investigation will in
absolutely no way be influenced by the armies handling the case of any individual regardless
of whether he works for our micimuth or not, with kindness regards I am sincerely your
Joe.
And then Mr. Selen, I mean Mr. Jenkins, I want to call attention about Mr. Selen's
side.
Here's a matter I should know.
And they may just finish this if I may, Mr. Glowhead.
Mr. Jenkins, I know these answers may seem long, but we're going over this ground so often.
I'm trying to give you all I know about it.
I'm page 5311.
Secretary Stevens is talking to Senator Saintington about the claim that there was some special
influence exerted to get some special consideration.
He says I personally think that anything in that line would prove to be very much exaggerated.
That is my opinion.
In other words, I think there's been some talk around that has been very much exaggerated
over anything that is there.
I am the Secretary, and I have had some talks with the committee and the chairman and
so on.
And by and large as far as the treatment of me is concerned, I have no personal complaint.
He says another word when we got after his liquor, of course, then I highlight, but as
far as I personally am concerned, I don't have a lot of stuff so far as my contact with
Joe or the committee is concerned.
Mr. Jenkins just finally let me tell you that I have gone over this over and over and
over with my staff after these threats.
By Mr. Adams's may, I've discussed this in the greatest detail with Mr. Cohn, and as
far as I know, there was not one eye open of improper influence.
Mr. Smith says, I would admit to Mr. Cheyenne as any young man has been able to do.
Took all the examinations that he thought he could take.
He contacted Mr. Weber to find out how to take them.
There's no question that Mr. Cheyenne wanted a commission that he was not seeking for our
committee and everyone involved knew them.
And Senator, there is no question, but what you wanted, they should be prescient, is there?
Mr. Johnson General Weber about it on G.I. 8, then if you hadn't wanted it, you wouldn't
have talked to him about it.
You have been demand.
No, I'm going to cancel that for you, Mr. Jenkins.
I asked Mr. Weber for the reason title of the commission.
Mr. Weber said he unquestionably was.
Then when the question arose as to whether or not he might, not be entitled to a commission.
In talking to Mr. Stevens, the first time I ever talked to Mr. Stevens about this.
After the, there was some question of whether he's entitled to a commission.
I said, Bob, lean over backwards.
And don't give him a commission unless you are sure he is entitled to it.
Unless you are sure he is justified in getting that commission.
And Mr. Cheyenne as president, Mr. Cohen as president, and I may have by that conversation,
I have done a grave injustice to Mr. Cheyenne.
I don't know.
He may have gotten a commission if I have an urgency secretary to be ten times certain before this young man got a commission.
And all the time your chief counsel was talking near the way.
No, no.
You can say no to that.
Right.
But suddenly you will say that all during that time you were investigating the virtues in the Army one day.
And you say that the secretary's did not want that done.
Right.
You say that the secretary is truthful and is honest.
I think please look at that in the records pretty fairly in the very beginning.
The, uh, the, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the charge of file.
Uh, and the secretary's name will completely answer the specific list on a completely progeny.
And the secretary of the Army just devoured here, positively and definitely under all Senate Democrats, that he revisions to 65 telephone calls by members of your staff.
Raging special dispensation for day shines.
That's the, uh, 19 personal contacts that the United States Senator from Wisconsin has came on at least one occasion.
Far ahead for me.
For this.
Why you heard that didn't you?
Mr. Jenkins, you, you have some, uh,
so from this was in your question, you said the 60-fire and phone calls were urging, uh,
special consideration.
That's the least that's from my customers.
And since you heard the secretary of the Army, who you decided to succumb to me on this interview.
May I, may I?
There's on one occasion you asked Neil, sorry, commission for Dave Shine.
Did you or not, Senator?
That's not true, but that's not true.
That's not true. All right.
Now, that's good.
I'm going to say, uh, Mr. Jenkins, that I was surprised when I found there were only 65 phone calls to Dave Shine down at, uh, Fort Dick.
Uh, any number of fans during the day, when we were drafting the info reports, the information program upon which Dave did more work than anyone else.
Any number of fans, a question would come up about whether a certain witness should be called, whether you have further information, uh,
whether certain information was correct or incorrect.
And I would tell the staff, get some questions, Dave, he's the man who did all of the interviewing.
And when I found the only had called in 65 times, I was very much surprised.
I thought there would have been very many more calls and would do anything but make it clear.
Those calls were not asking, there's no testimony, but they were asking for any consideration.
Those calls were to get information from the young man who wore on anyone else, was responsible for the exposure,
on communism, communist books, and the proposed waste of $18 million in the information program.
And when we were writing those reports, I had to be 10 times sure that everything was correct because I knew that every comma, every period would be jumped down.
So when I heard that only 65 phone calls at the mid, may I say I was surprised, I thought that many more phone calls would have been made to Mr. Shines.
Being test the hour of detail, he will take a testimony, seven-pinning stretch, five minute minutes.
You have dealt cards determined the Clara and brief recess.
The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
The Augustaer Senator Cobb months declared that there will be a five minute recess, but usually last much longer than that.
Senator McCarthy on his own witness stand, he is under heavy cost examination by Mr. Ray Jenkins' committee council.
There's a college that breaks up and leaves the caucus room, probably abandoning the seats, that there's so few and far between here in the Ten of Office voting hearing now.
The gentleman I presume is the lead.
Our lead is leading in the presence of primarily the gay mothers who are currently leading the lead just if not.
I want to remind you of our committee rule again.
In the absence of the audience by manifestation of an article made here, written here in the proof of it, they are forbidden.
The uniformed members of the federal police and the leaders, the leaders of the government, the government, have been shut in the group, and the leaders of the community.
Anyone by the community rules in order that we may have an executive faith in the government, before two of our members have to be absent tomorrow in town.
I look really comfortable along about a four-day work, or something.
Is that time, or anytime, you've come to some convenience, it's a culminating point on some particular line of cost examination.
The president's illness, the president's illness, he's in the process of being cost examination, or a chief council member today.
I mean, we're doing the presentation.
Sir, the McCarthy sometime during the course of the day, at least time you made reference to Mr. Shine.
Better not you make a statement of Mr. Shine, had served in Korea, or had been in Korea, I want to tell you that matter.
Some question has been asked me about it.
What was that? I did not get it, talking to you.
It was not during the Korean War. It was before the Korean War, he had been...
I don't quite know how you describe it, but it's a simulated range of Lieutenant's about it.
In the Army Transport Service, and he sent some time in Korea, but it was not during the Korean War.
I think it's in a very good way that there's no claim that he was a member of the Army Forces at that time.
Just thought it was that a civilian was it not? Mr. Jenkins, I frankly don't know.
I've asked some of my son's out in order to clarify that matter, which is a chief council about it.
I have already consulted with the people in the Pentagon, and I asked them how he could be a lieutenant, and be a civilian.
The very same, well, he was not a civilian, he was a lieutenant.
He was the Army Transport Service, and I frankly don't know how you describe the situation.
Get some army officers here, they might be able to give me some help on that, but I don't know.
His first actual military service senator was on November 3rd, wasn't he?
I think so, I do know. I think that's the correct state.
And he had served five day or two in what's called the Army Transport, but as a civilian employee.
Well, who's not in Korea, I think so here.
I think that you could say a civilian, although they gave him the rank, what they call a similar rank of Lieutenant.
This is what that means. I frankly don't know, but he was not in combat.
He never has been in combat. The first time he was in a full squad, a member of the armed forces was on December 3rd, over there he was justice.
I'm Senator, he never, anytime, had a commission from the United States Army, as a new tenant in the Army Transport.
Mr. Jackson, as far as you know what you're understanding about it, this is not scientific.
Mr. Jackson, I don't know what the sort of two-way commission is.
I want to be very clear that he was not in combat.
It was not an Army commission, it's what they call an assimilated commission in the Army Transport.
The Army, I can tell you nothing about it.
So there is this call, if you will, to the events of October 20th of Fourth Monument.
You remember the occurrences of that lady, you not?
I do.
You will call with you in the Secretary and the United States Senator and the United States Congressman, and it's a highly secret laboratory of that installation on medication.
Right.
You will call if your chief counsel, Mr. Cohn, was not given admitted to that installation on medication, do you not?
So they will be known that your chief counsel became very highly incensed and belligerent on medication.
Do you not?
I wouldn't describe it as highly incensed and belligerent.
He was extremely urinated, frankly, even in right-of-downs who expect the radar laboratories.
He was the chief counsel of the commission committee and left-giving the laboratories, and then he was not allowed to run the lab.
But for whatever reason, further justice ahead are not.
Mr. Cohn became incensed on medication. He became angry, didn't he?
You heard, Mr. Cohn, the silent on the register, didn't you?
I would describe it as fairly irritated and disgusting.
I'm that he was the master, didn't you remember what he said?
Oh, no, I don't think so.
You don't think he said that?
I don't know what he said, but I'm describing.
When I saw Mr. Rangel from the direction that Mr. Jones or Senator Potter had been sent to the assistant,
Mr. Cohn, all of whom had been invited down there to inspect the laboratories,
and I think they were all irritated.
Now I would describe Roy Cohn as being disgusted and irritated with the procedure.
But then he never did here either, Mr. Jones or Mr. Arbor Surrainville,
and I think he needed further against the eye of the medicine,
or as I would describe it as the ear of the ear of the patient.
Oh, that's the ear of the patient.
No, I didn't hear it.
It didn't hear that.
Now you were on the inside of the laboratory, and you personally did not hear the words of Mr. Cohn on medication.
That's correct, isn't it?
I heard his words before I went in.
What were the sentences?
Well, they were the effects that he hoped for some day he might have the same rights of inspecting the laboratories of the Communist Party,
so if they had come inside the labs, he hoped that maybe the chief counsel for a committee that was invited down there,
since the victim might be able to get inside.
Now, I think we're going to find out how to fix a high, quick tip or death, let's back to that.
Good thing.
Maybe we can get back in a few minutes, but I am eating somewhat infamible, isn't he?
Is that a good one?
Well, I very seldom see him display any great temper.
I have seen him get here a tad at a time.
I think he's just a normal young man.
He's a very brilliant.
I don't think that he's got a hotter temper than a young man.
He's a strong will, young man, isn't he?
That's what appraising properly and I don't mean to be critical.
I agree with you.
I agree with you very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very strong will.
But he's a strong will, young man, and sometimes as a matter of fact, his integer is 6.2
And maybe the supreme force is real upon that as some of you might have seen.
I think he's got a sense of it.
No, I think he's got a sense of it.
I'm going to chief counsel and chief to stand up for the latest death thing.
Very freely and sometimes it is true that they convinced me that a certain course of action which they believe should be followed.
Should be followed.
I don't find any super important is their will upon mine.
I'm open minded. I get a very very confident stance.
And any one of them can prop and convince me that the credit convinced me.
Of the importance of a certain investigation sometimes I agree and sometimes I disagree.
On October 20th, as of October 20th, and for each fire there, to month fire there seems.
Your committee has been investigating subverses in the United States Army.
Have you not sent it?
That was correct.
And you were in four conferences of that date, October 20th.
And this young man, chief counsel for the senator, is chairman of the investigation committee.
I allegedly bow to sworn testimony on.
I know who and for October.
There are a fourth month when the secretary of the Army Robert Stevens is there, a man whom you described as being from the Middle East and to the Army.
And a matter of carrying integrity.
When the United Mission to that secret laboratory in the Fifth of Anger, right out there for all of you here, this is law.
So I'm not a senator.
So I'm not asking you whether you heard these or not.
So I've got something correct to say of Fifth of Anger.
I have never seen Mr. Cohn in any Fifth of Anger.
I have seen him.
Nobody in the Fifth of Anger.
I have seen him fairly aerosatist and fairly disjusted in this situation.
I have a Fifth of Anger indicates that you would be not using your best judgment.
I don't think the Mr. Cohn ever lets him to motion John away with him to the point where his just common sense does not prevail.
He was so angry or dolly or shady or upstate that he testified here on the witness stand that he would neither admit nor deny the testimony of Colonel Ballin.
About his making a declaration of war on six days seasons of the Army, then some of the witnesses just say that he was at least just some extent deciding certain a bit of rage.
Number one, only the up and down, the common on the Congress that the fair war.
I don't think Mr. Cohn could.
And number two, I think that Mr. Cohn has been very, very generous with the other witnesses that have appeared and not positively putting him in a position of justice.
I think that he is a position where they might be guilty of prejudice.
I have not ever seen him.
Number of his friends are present.
He doesn't know any one of the opposition he still refuses to put anyone in a position of being better for a jury unless he is completely positive.
I assume that this way, it's impossible to know what is said but the first thing I declare war, I'm sure, of course, that it obviously had to be in justice.
Now, Senator, I'm not talking about the things that say that they knew they should have in that answer.
I'm talking about this situation here. I'm not talking about this one yet.
When the McCarthy Committee was doing a thing that you say the Secretary himself had been wanting to do with investigating the Berkers in the Army,
when you say that Mr. Adams came armed with a release that you would give to the President in which you stated you were committing a quitting that word,
my question is whether or not under those circumstances is your chief counsel while I murdered or while everything is easy words.
There that in the words of this Colonel Balloon, this is it. I'm reading from thirty-five sixty-four of the records.
This is war in the Army.
Senator McCarthy, if he said it, we are not publicly repediated, ideologically, and ratified in approval.
I think it's a fact. Mr. Jenkins, I don't believe he said it.
There's no war between the McCarthy Committee and the Army.
I have some mental respect for armed forces. I think 99 plus percent are great Americans.
All we are doing is trying to get us the human rights maples.
We have seen that Mr. Jenkins, if there's a declaration of war, then I would suggest that someone tell us what witnesses we call but we should not have called.
What situation we expose that we should not have exposed.
What communist was called before the committees that should not have been called before the committee?
If you can hear all this talk about a declaration of war, unknowing for an absurd point, there's no one who can give us the name of any individual or described the situation which is not properly handled by the committee.
And of course, the investigation of Mr. Jenkins doesn't change one eye over from before a month until after.
I know but there's a lot to do. I do respectfully say that you do that you have no brains.
It's my question that I'll ask you again.
The ground is standing at Mr. Corneth. I remember Mr. Simone correctly.
You'd neither admit nor deny that Mr. Simone is vulnerable.
So the burden of Mr. Simone being that he would hang it up further here, say it and this blanket, and remember.
And here are the words of this young man.
Will this war record believe battle star?
This is war with the army.
Words from the lips of your chief counsel, our own dedication, that we convey to this good man as you describe in the secret as the army.
Now Senator McCarthy, Mr. Corneth's violent with our irritations.
Make that threat. This is war with the army.
Would you regard that Senator as proper conduct on the part of your chief counsel on that occasion and under those circumstances?
I usually thought things I guess are no unexplained.
Would you not, if it's proper conduct on the vote circumstances?
Will this young man in his position as your chief counsel?
Will this investigation going on, finding the fit of anger or temper of our safety?
So this is war with the army. Talk to the senator. He has got in your opinion proper or improper conduct.
Then you need strange under our circumstances.
Do you have to know anything about that?
That's why I asked me, have you quit beating your wife?
No, I don't have a clean excuse.
You know the circumstances.
I know the testimony Mr. Corneth was.
He didn't recall anything like that. He didn't think he'd said anything like that.
He didn't. He was very generous.
I'm not telling the young man that statement.
A printer and I was very happy to see him do that.
I don't think he made that statement.
Number one, number two, there is no war between mischemed and anyone except communism, no guilty of grants and drugs.
Granted, but if I ask it again, he'll plan into the circumstances with things that have been taken off over 20.
Here is Chief's counsel while the United States Senator was mischumming with violence.
No doubt within a few feet of him.
Said the violent and exorcist war was the army.
I excuse the senator.
And I think we'll definitely yes or no answer whether or not you regard that as proper or improper.
You regard that as proper conduct of a fighter.
Comin' to dragons, I will not speculate on something which is not a fact until he was a proper and proper.
When to Corneth fires by an own of amidst that statement, I was there.
I didn't knew him against that statement.
Mr. Corn, Mr. Corn, has never acted as long as he tells him that war with the army.
Mr. Corn, I think, has treated every individual in the military.
For the utmost consideration, we have only gone after those guilty of abrasions, communism, dishonesty.
And this question of whether or not we have declared war on the army, Mr. Jenkins, I think is just a great waste of time for this day of Mr. Jenkins.
I've got tremendous respect for you as counsel.
I think you've done an almost impossible job here, of keeping this thing on a fairly even keel.
I don't want this much of the record with the same.
But with the bare-man assay, Mr. Jenkins.
The charge here is that Mr. Toon, the Charsey, and Charsey, are in proper influence.
To try and get special consideration for Dave Shines, such of course, to improve an on-tune.
Now, what was said, when Mr. Renville, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Corn, were excluded from the radar laboratories, which were in regularism,
that far, by and concerned, has nothing to do with this case, I will not speculate on something that I know is on-tune.
In a very rough way, Mr. Chris, in this way, they had the critical question.
Assuming very poor willary issues, assuming that your approach, not not to the point, under the first confidence described,
Assuming that the relationship between you and Mr. Adams, had been as well as he has been specified.
Assuming that Mr. Chief Counsel was denied his mission to a place where you, on another stature in a congressman, will have to go with the security of the arms.
Assuming that Chief Counsel became angry and say to you, anything is over.
What is that time Chief Counsel was conducting an investigation of the business in the Army that John Adams was trying to stop,
or that the claim didn't exist, and that it is hurting the morale of the Army, and that this young man, there, within a few piece of,
remember whom he was working to in the United States Senator, made that statement incorrectly in the persons with many people.
This is what...